#command line code for counting expression hits in data for graphing in python 
#Date: Dec. 4, 2017 
#Author: Janice Love
#Last updated: 12/4/2017 

cat finalhmmout.txt | grep -e "Control1" | grep -e "transcript1" | wc -l >> expression_counts
cat finalhmmout.txt | grep -e "Control1" | grep -e "transcript2" | wc -l >> expression_counts
cat finalhmmout.txt | grep -e "Control1" | grep -e "transcript3" | wc -l >> expression_counts
cat finalhmmout.txt | grep -e "Control1" | grep -e "transcript4" | wc -l >> expression_counts
cat finalhmmout.txt | grep -e "Control1" | grep -e "transcript5" | wc -l >> expression_counts
cat finalhmmout.txt | grep -e "Control1" | grep -e "transcript6" | wc -l >> expression_counts
cat finalhmmout.txt | grep -e "Control2" | grep -e "transcript1" | wc -l >> expression_counts
cat finalhmmout.txt | grep -e "Control2" | grep -e "transcript2" | wc -l >> expression_counts
cat finalhmmout.txt | grep -e "Control2" | grep -e "transcript3" | wc -l >> expression_counts
cat finalhmmout.txt | grep -e "Control2" | grep -e "transcript4" | wc -l >> expression_counts
cat finalhmmout.txt | grep -e "Control2" | grep -e "transcript5" | wc -l >> expression_counts
cat finalhmmout.txt | grep -e "Control2" | grep -e "transcript6" | wc -l >> expression_counts
cat finalhmmout.txt | grep -e "Obese1" | grep -e "transcript1" | wc -l >> expression_counts
cat finalhmmout.txt | grep -e "Obese1" | grep -e "transcript2" | wc -l >> expression_counts
cat finalhmmout.txt | grep -e "Obese1" | grep -e "transcript3" | wc -l >> expression_counts
cat finalhmmout.txt | grep -e "Obese1" | grep -e "transcript4" | wc -l >> expression_counts
cat finalhmmout.txt | grep -e "Obese1" | grep -e "transcript5" | wc -l >> expression_counts
cat finalhmmout.txt | grep -e "Obese1" | grep -e "transcript6" | wc -l >> expression_counts
cat finalhmmout.txt | grep -e "Obese2" | grep -e "transcript1" | wc -l >> expression_counts
cat finalhmmout.txt | grep -e "Obese2" | grep -e "transcript2" | wc -l >> expression_counts
cat finalhmmout.txt | grep -e "Obese2" | grep -e "transcript3" | wc -l >> expression_counts
cat finalhmmout.txt | grep -e "Obese2" | grep -e "transcript4" | wc -l >> expression_counts
cat finalhmmout.txt | grep -e "Obese2" | grep -e "transcript5" | wc -l >> expression_counts
cat finalhmmout.txt | grep -e "Obese2" | grep -e "transcript6" | wc -l >> expression_counts



